UI design, or what does future let you to do better than you could before
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

See and act on a large collection of files and their relations.

Utility trumps business model. If you can't make profit while providing maximum
utility, change your business model before someone else does it for you.
(I.e. don't be like the copy industry.)

Provide a powerful and usable API for creating mashups.


Target market
-------------

Relatively savvy with computers, uses Firefox as browser, has a large amount of
files. Collects and shares good things with other people. Has or attracts
enough disposable income to keep us afloat :)


The cast
--------

Not savvy collector:
Claus is a 50-year-old man from München. He speaks native German and
not-so-good English. An electrician by profession, he works in a small
construction firm, doing wiring for buildings. Hobbies include model trains.
Wife Beatrice (42), daughter Catherine (15).
Spendable money 1500 euros a month.

Savvy collector:
Pjotr is a 14-year-old VWO student from Eindhoven. Speaks native Dutch,
not-so-good German and passing English. Builds model trains and is a military
otaku. Plays WoW and airsoft. Listens to Manowar. Fights with his 16-yo brother.
Mother 45, father 44.
Spendable money 50 euros a month.

Photographer:
Laura is a 28-year-old woman from Torino. Speaks native Italian and good
French and English. Works as a photographer at an ad agency. Does rock climbing
on her time off. Travels quite a bit to do shoots. Likes renaissance
architecture and dancing. Lives together with her boyfriend Carlo (31) and dog.
Spendable money 2000 euros a month.

Web developer:
Scott is a 23-year-old man from Dallas. Speaks native English and a little
Spanish. BSc in CS. Works as a web developer at a website agency. Writes and
supports Rails-based websites for SMEs. Jogs and swims, hits the bars with his
friends every Friday. Single.
Spendable money 3000 euros a month.

Engineer:
Heather is a 35-year-old woman from Seattle. Speaks native Urdu and fluent
English. PhD in aerodynamics. Manages a R&D team at a turbine manufacturer.
Plays cello in a string quartet. Likes dining out. Visits her family in India
twice a year. Lives with her husband James (32).
Spendable money 5000 euros a month.

Unemployed:
Mitsuki is a 20-year-old woman from Osaka. Speaks native Japanese. NEET. Lives
with her parents. Likes watching movies, surfing the web and hanging out with
friends.
Spendable money 300 euros a month.



Utility
-------

- Claus and Pjotr have listings of their model train cars on future. Both have
  several copies of some cars and a list of wanted cars. Find possible trades.
  - claus.wanted & pjotr.dupes, pjotr.wanted & claus.dupes

- Laura wants to find the best photograph from a series to send it to the art
  director for the new Fiat ad
  - first pick the good ones, then do side-by-side comparisons to drop the
    not-best ones, then do side-by-side comparisons between the best to find
    the very best one
  - what might be a good way:
    1. zoom to the wanted series in the series list
    2. zoom in to view the photos in medium detail
    3. click on good ones to add them to the selection
    4. make selection area fill the screen
    5. add two slideshows over the selection area
    6. remove the not-best ones from the selection by looking at the selection
       view and comparing photos using the slideshows
    7. find the very best one by comparing photos using the slideshow
    8. email the best photo to the AD by dragging it to the email app
       or select the AD's email addy from the contact list and send it that way
       or select the AD's future account from the contact list and send it there
    9. move on to the next task

- Reading schedule
  - organize reading into what is planned to read, what is currently reading
    what has already read, what didn't bother to read
  - move things to the to-read list by clicking the read emblem on them
    - to-read list calculates the total time it takes to read through all and
      shows it to you
    - "read" is a bit of a misnomer, since the to-read list can contain any sort
      of items
    - to-read list can split itself into n-hour chunks to schedule your reading
      across several days
  - when you start reading a document, it is moved to "currently reading"
  - when you finish reading, you tick the "completed" or "skipped" -box to move
    it to one of those sets


Fun
---

- Jaded from the cute fade animations and shaking 24pt font-size login forms of
  Web 2.0, Hezekiel seeks solace from the bosom of future.
  A very feast for the senses! The mix of materials and texture, artful
  design with its detail gradients, animations and fireworks of success renew
  Hezekiel's faith in humanity.

- Beatrice is bored and depressed from the continuous rain.
  The dark grey design doesn't help. Ah, to see the hills of Provence~

- Thomas is testing deleting stuff. The Delete-character with her emergency
  hammer is amusing! Delete more, Thomas, delete more!


Everyday errors
---------------

- Thomas accidentally deleted his collection of kitten pictures and now wants
  it back.


Relaxation
----------

- Beatrice plays Massive Attack and views a slideshow of Provence landscape
  photos while sipping tea.


Profit
------

- show number of buyable item bought to create sense of safety
- track and promote profitable items